.\"Copyright
.\" Copyright
.TH MPI_Ajo_write 1 "1.0" "mpiio"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Ajo_read\fP \- Collective writing operation of a file.

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.nf
C Syntax
    #include <mpi.h>
    #include "partition.h"
    int MPI_Ajo_write ( MPI_Comm \fIcomm\fP, int \fImy_rank\fP, const char \fI*filename\fP, int \fIndim_array\fP, 
    int \fInsize_global\fP[], int \fInsize\fP[], int \fIstart_global_array\fP[], MPI_Datatype \fIetype\fP, void \fI*array\fP, 
    MPI_Offset \fIdisp\fP );

.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
comm
Communicator (handle).
.TP 1i
my_rank
Rank of a process within \fIcomm\fP (integer).
.TP 1i
filename
Name of the file to write to (character).
.TP 1i
ndim_array
Number of dimensions of the array (positive integer).
.TP 1i
nsize_global
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the global array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
nsize
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the local array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
start_global_array
Starting global coordinates of the local array (array of nonnegative integers).
.TP 1i
etype
Data type of each buffer element (handle).
.TP 1i
array
Initial address of local array (choice).
.TP 1i
disp  
Displacement (integer).


.SH DESCRIPTION
.ft R
MPI_Ajo_write attempts to write to the file an 
n-dimensional local array of data stored in \fIarray\fP.

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value as the return value of the function.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. For MPI I/O function errors, the default error handler is set to MPI_ERRORS_RETURN. The error handler may be changed with MPI_File_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_ARE_FATAL may be used to make I/O errors fatal. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.  

