.\"Copyright
.\" Copyright
.TH MPI_Ajo_partition 1 "1.0" "mpiio"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Ajo_partition\fP \- Provides the mapping functionality between a global matrix and a grid of processes.

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.nf
C Syntax
    #include <mpi.h>
    #include "partition.h"
    int MPI_Ajo_partition ( MPI_Comm \fIcomm\fP, int \fImy_rank\fP, int \fIndim_array\fP, int \fInsize_global\fP[], int \fIpsize\fP[], 
    int \fInsize\fP[], int \fIstart_global_array\fP[] );


.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
comm
Communicator (handle).
.TP 1i
my_rank
Rank of a process within \fIcomm\fP (integer).
.TP 1i
ndim_array
Number of dimensions of the array (positive integer).
.TP 1i
nsize_global
Number of elements in each dimension of the global array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
psize
Number of processes for each grid dimension (array of positive integers).

.SH OUTPUT PARAMETERS
.TP 1i
nsize
Number of elements in each dimension of the local array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
start_global_array
Starting global coordinates of the local array (array of nonnegative integers).


.SH DESCRIPTION
.ft R
MPI_Ajo_partition returns \fInsize\fP and \fIstart_global_array\fP for every process of \fIcomm\fP.

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value as the return value of the function.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. For MPI I/O function errors, the default error handler is set to MPI_ERRORS_RETURN. The error handler may be changed with MPI_File_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_ARE_FATAL may be used to make I/O errors fatal. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.  

